feat: Grid Components (#445)
contentful/forma-36: packages/forma-36-react-components/src/components/Grid/Grid.md

# Grid

> [CSS Grid](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Grid) based react component, comes with predefined values to ensure design consistency, and ease of use.

Reviewer: Tiny nit

```suggestion
[CSS Grid](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Grid) based React component, comes with predefined values to ensure design consistency, and ease of use.
```

> Grid consists of 2 components where `Grid` acts as a container for smaller blocks (`GridItem`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grid consists of two components:
- Grid: Used as a container for GridItems
- GridItem: Elements within the Grid
```

Reviewer: (Another nit)
